---
title: "Comms Centre"
description: "Occasionally, news coverage will discuss this project.  Check here for a summary of such news, as well as our own announcements and highlights."
---

## Communication Channels

To follow coverage of this project, this is a centralised location for news released.  Our methods for direct communication and engagement are outlined below.  If you are a fan, who wishes to join the community and hear directly updates on the project, we suggest the following sources of news, listed in order of effectiveness.

- Email sign-up - provides the most immediate & direct communication channel.
- News Central - this website, including a searchable index of all revant coverage.
- LinkedIn - this is a secondary page and our only direct *social* page.


## Engagement Plan

Our community engagement plan has three formal paths our team is engaging in to collect feedback about our project:

1. Direct line to Sporting Associations
2. Member feedback
3. Outreach to Key Stakeholders

Our primary path is through inviting and working with other Sporting Associations in the Northern Territory.  As ultimate users and supporters of a future Stadium, our goal is to ensure their operational, functional and aspirational requirements are met.  If you are a member of a sporting organisation, please work through your sporting body to provide consolidated direction and recommendations.

Additionally, we are opening up paths immediately for individual member feedback and involvement.  For details on how to join as a foundation member, see `Members` section.  At key stages in the project, we will reach out to our members and offer opportunity for direct and independent feedback.

:u-button{icon="i-heroicons-chat-bubble-bottom-center-16-solid" to="/members" label="Become a Member here" target="_blank" class="mr-4"}

The final engagement path is direct outreach by the Project team.  This is particularly relevant to all other stakeholders of this project and includes business, government and other community groups who may be impacted by our planned works.  If we have not contacted you and you wish to engage, please contact us directly to arrange a meeting.

All feedback will be summaried and considered prior to the close of each iteration of design.  Throughout the project we anticipate there will be multiple versions of design of varying fidelity, created with the intent to develop a project better, performant and viable for the long term.  All feedback to assist is welcome.

::callout
---
icon: i-heroicons-light-bulb
---
We undertake to release on this platform a summary of feedback we have received and incorporated in each phase of development.
::



## Other sections
A summary of other sections to facilitate sharing news on this website are:

- [News Hub](/newsroom/blog) - a central location for all articles related to the project.
- [Press](/newsroom/press) - a direct path for journalists to connect to project assets and media team.

Additionally, please feel free to lodge your support or concerns by directly emailing us here:
::u-button{icon="i-heroicons-envelope-20-solid" to="emailto:feedback@ntstadium.com.au" label="Contact front office here" class="mr-4 " color="gray"}
::





