---
title: Principals & Values
description: Read below for our clearly stated development principals and values.  Please contact us directly for further information.
---


## Team

AFL NT has set up a development project team to prepare the pre-project feasibility.  The team's terms of reference is to develop and advocate for the business opportunity associated with:

- Winning an AFL Licence for the Northern Territory; to anchor
- The development of a new Multi-Purpose City Stadium (capacity circa 20,000 people)

Our process will reference learnings from all stadiums around Australia.  In particular the team are using the following bids as competitive case studies: the Townsville Stadium, Tasmania Stadium and Adelaide Oval.  Prior 'investment decision', a new team of qualified professionals will be appointed to progress the project.


::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb" to="https://nuxt.studio/themes/docs" target="_blank"}
Read here to discover more about how our project team was assembled
::


## Development Goals 

There are many diverse economic and social outcomes our Development team wish to achieve.  In our loftiest dreams, we believe this Stadium can create greater harmony and connections between all people of the Territory and strengthen our relevance in the region.  New pathways for all our athletes to join Australia's best will emerge.  We aspire to create a rich variety of entertainment for families.  We will establish a venue we will be proud to share with our interstate visitors.

Notwithstanding the *Change for Good* discussed above, our team has also identified some guiding principals stated for all to assist you understand how we are approaching the `Project Planning` phase.


1. Inclusive - we are developing an open user facility that will be available for programming by all sporting associations and a diverse array of event types.  Ideally we will secure 30+ activations per year.
2. Keystone investment - Larrakia Development Corporation's vision is for this Stadium to be a meeting place for all peoples in the NT.  Accordingly, their intention is to apply to local and federal government on normal investment terms to co-invest their funds and become and become a significant beneficiary of the project.  Conceivably this may become Larrakia's keystone commercial investment in Darwin City.
3. Multiple Case Studies - In order to prepare a successful business application, we will explore multiple development options and commercial business models.  Our expectation is to create a project from that can be commerically viable for a $150m ~ $350m investment.
4. Generational Asset - if developed successfully, the NT Stadium will play a role in Territorian life for the next 100+ years.  We will take the first steps cautiously, while also planning for potential to grow into the potential all that we hope to become.
5. Iconic by Design - our aspiration is for the Stadium to be included as one of the iconic stadiums of Australia, on equal footing with the best Australia has to offer.


