---
title: "Project Updates"
description: "We undertake to communicate directly on this project's status.  Check here for quarterly updates or alternatively subscribe to our newsletter for immediate news releases."
---

## Current Focus of Team

At each step of the way, our intention is to be clear about our immediate focus and goals.  Currently the project team is engaged in prepareing the `Project Plan`.  Immediately, work is focused on:

- Advocacy for an updated City Masterplan to include a Sporting plan for all.
- Advocacy for an AFL Team in Northern Territory.
- Advocacy for a multi-use City Stadium.


::u-button{icon="i-heroicons-cog-20-solid" to="/progress/current_work" label="More details of work in progress here" class="mr-4"}
::

## Stages

Below is an outline of the stages that accompany many developments.  Depending on community, economic and financial support, this process can be as short as 5 years or extend to 10+ years.  It is AFL NT and Larrakia Development Corp's to apply resources to underwrite the work to make the project happen.

- `Project Plan` - Win support from all for project to proceed
- `Financial Plan` - Win banking and capital support to finace project (with repayment plan)
- `Development Plan` - Deliver project per financial plan
- `Operational Plan` - Contract & underwrite activations
- `Opening Plan` - Employ & enjoy facility 


## Team

We have a territory team, lead by AFL NT and Larrakia Development Corp.  Additionally, we have a proactive outreach program to include and engage with all Sporting Associations.  The success of this Stadium development requires strong colaboration between all sporting codes.

Those associations that are active in our planning and support are listed below, along with means to contact with them:

- Basketball NT
- 

Our community engagement plan is designed to priorities each Association feedback.  As future users of our facility, it is our intent to ensure best practices from all codes are incorporated into our design brief.  We encourage interested members in the community to first express their support and interest to be involved in this project through their sporting associations.

For more details, follow the link below to our Community Engagement Plan:

::u-button{icon="i-simple-icons-stackblitz" to="/newsroom/##engagement-plan" label="Our Community Engagement Plan" class="mr-4"}
::

