---
title: Current Work
description: Prior to preparing a draft project plan, our team is advocating for Darwin city's masterplan be more sports forward.
navigation.icon: i-heroicons-cog-20-solid
---

## City Stadium

Leading sports organizations recognize that the success of their events goes beyond game day *ticket sales*. The focal point of sporting and cultural gatherings is now expected to be integrated into people's weekly routines.  Sporting & entertainment calanders evolving and woven with various business, tourism and local engagements.


::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
Our studies identified that a city stadium is a prerequisite to attact a National Sporting team.  Thus, both team & stadium are conditions precedent for development.
::

## A Sporting Plan for All

We believe strongly that Darwin's identity can benefit from a sporting ground built within the City's Masterplan.  We believe so strongly in this vision, we are championing a 30-50 year plan, which will lay the planning framework to include a home for *all sporting codes* to have a home in and around Darwin City.

Fundamentally, the rationale is the economic drivers for a city stadium are stronger.  Stronger for the codes that rely on the stadium with greater economic multipliers for all involved.  Summarised, the key benefits offered are:

1. Shared identity - a closer link between the city's culture and sports & entertainment events.
2. Shared infrastructure - think hotels, restaurants, transport.
3. Greater activation - multipliers from other activations ancillary to the *main event*.
4. Greater visitation - entertainment becomes an easier option for the tourist, return business traveller and city commuter.

Our team believes the Darwin City masterplan will benefit by the incorporation of the following infrastructure to support this growth: a City Oval, a City Rectangular Ground and an indoor Arena. 

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb"}
A City Oval can in the first instance offers the ability to host multiple codes and a start for transformation of a city.
::


## Studies

 To assist formulate our views and consider possible homes for the AFL's 20th Licence, we engaged Cox Architecture (Cox).  Cox identified multiple locations and options for an MCG sized stadium in and around Darwin City.
