---
title: "Members Hub"
description: "This project centers around its members and supporters. Our goal is to create an inclusive membership program, which all will wish to belong.  Read more for how you may get involved and join as a foundation member."
---


## Roadmap
In the first instance we request your support this important question, 'Is support for our project real?'  We have created three hurdles to quantify the level of support in the community - we will communicate these numbers and level of support to Sponsors & Government to assist the advocacy of the project.

The three levels are outlined briefly below:

1. `Enthusiast` - a free forever level for fans to subscribe to updates from the Stadium team.  Email updates will be sent periodically.
2. `Supporter` - join our email subscription plus pay a $55 one time payment.  We consider `Supporters` to be in the line to become future members or spectator of our games.  By pledge of monies, we consider you to have have more than an idle interest in seeing this project coming to life.
3. `Foundation Member` - you are enrolling to an annual subscription of $80 p.a., these members will also receive a subscription token number (to allow them to choose from available medalian numbers) and be invited the first invited to planning and entertainment events.

Please read the full list of benefits with each membership level on the [Subscription Page]().  

## Use of Funds
Aside from transaction fees associated with Credit Card & GST, the monies collected from `Supporters` and `Foundation Members` will be held in trust until the project is complete and may at your election be used in the following way:

- `Supporters` - allocated at your election as a down-payment to a ticket of the opening city AFL game, or opening ceremony.
- `Foundation Members` - either applied to the opening AFL game, opening ceremony or if local with (a) priority seat access and (b) if a local the invitation to a long term stadium membership and choice of medalion number (membership number).
- Alternatively all members also have option to ask for monies to be returned, post project completion.

Please note, we are unable a this stage to forecast the price of the event day tickets.  Any payments made by you will be a part payment applied to the final price of the ticket or membership.

We anticipate that this will be a 5+ year project.

We will otherwise have a no-refund policy.  If we are unsuccessful in our mission, we will find a way to return your funds, less any transaction fee.  We will operate fairly but also reserve the right to independently change our terms and conditions, please only subscribe if you are happy with these terms.  We thank those who choose to become supporters.


## Members Association

A members association with charter similar to the MCC or Adelaide Oval will be set up.  It feels too early to invest in such planning at this time, save to identify to you, our early members that this is clear goal.  Once the project becomes 'live' we will begin this work and also invite `Foundation Members` to provide feedback on articles and membership laws.

We will work to appropriately design the charter to represent with the aspirations of those involved.

## Key Celebrations

We plan to celebrate key milestones in different ways with our members.  These celebrations will be varied and will suit our membership pool.  We are already thinking about how to create a first class culture of support and gathering for our events, see below.

To begin with, we have a plan for two events that we think are pre-requirements for our success.

1. Opening Ceremony.
2. First AFL Game (with NT Team)

By subscribing, you have joined the waitlist for one or both of these.  Additionally we welcome feedback on how you would like to celebrate the journey along the way.  Please consider sharing our missionwith your friends to spread the word:





## Other help

This is perhaps the most important long term question of our supporters - **what will be the culture of our club that represents us?**  Join us to help define that future.  
